-----Content delivery for the emotions for the MOODO app-----
General content delivery
	Suggest Books
	Suggest movies to watch
	Suggest Quotes
	Suggest Restaurents/Bars 
	Suggest Music
	Suggest Shopping
	Show some Giphy 


1. Anger
	Gifs showing breaking things
	Calming images
	Anger management quotes

2. Contempt

3. Disguist

4. Happiness
	NGOs to donate
	General donating wesites
	Restaurents/Bars 

5. Neutral
	Check weather and suggest some outdoor activity
	Restaurents/Bars 

6. Sadness
	Gifs showing happy/funny things
	Restaurents/Bars that show comfort food/drink
	Good music
	Motivational quotes

7. Surprised
	


References:
This is a list of different APIs scoured from the web which make their resources available for use.

https://github.com/abhishekbanthia/Public-APIs

Entertainment:
BBC - Variety of BBC APIs with access to interesting data from Radio Labs, programs played on BBC and linking data around the artist played on BBC.
Comic Vine - An extremely mature, well organized and continuely updated resource of comic information.
Marvel - Access over 70 years of comic data with Marvel's official developer API.
Pokéapi - All the Pokémon data you'll ever need, in one place. Open Source
Swapi - Star Wars API with data you didn't even know existed, or that you needed to know.
xkcd - xkcd provides a Swagger RESTful API that uses JSON calls to retrieve files contain comic titles, URLs, post dates, transcripts, and other metadata. This metadata is provided in an easily-parsed, plaintext format. xkcd is a webcomic consisting of non-sequential strips about math, language, programming, and the nature of reality in general.

Books:
Google Books API - Lets you search for books and manage your Google Books library.

Movies:
OMDB - OMDb provides a free web service to obtain information and metadata about movies.
TMDb - TMDb provides powerful searches as well as powerful movie discovery.

Music:
Spotify - Spotify’s Web API lets your applications fetch data from the Spotify music catalog and manage user’s playlists and saved music.
Top 10 Music APIs
https://www.programmableweb.com/news/top-10-music-apis-spotify-last.fm-rdio-soundcloud/analysis/2015/02/02   

Places:
CityGrid - Enables developers to create web and mobile applications that find local businesses, organizations, and points of interest by a variety of search criteria.
Google Places API - Providing a places search that can be searched by latitude/longitude, keyword matched against all fields, name of place, type of place restricted by radius.
YP - Providing a places search that can be queried by keyword and longitude/latitude, street address, city, postal code, Neighborhood, state, points of interest or by phone number.

Sports:
TheSportsDB - Various sports events, results, players, teams and high quality artwork.












